Add possibility to split the domain into separate files (#6132)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6132.feature.rst

> Add possibility to split the domain into separate files. Domain file now doesn't have to be called `domain.yaml` anymore.

Reviewer: Maybe we should explain how the user would use the feature. For example:
```suggestion
Added possibility to split the domain into separate files. All YAML files under the path specified with ``--domain`` will be scanned for domain information (e.g. intents, actions, etc) and then combined into a single domain.

The default value for ``--domain`` is still ``domain.yml``.
```
